you are the slave but I are the master
did you get your performance right hook
whoa look at mine that falls into the
red in the focus Department Nick
sunshiny day honey equal clean so we're
all gonna sleep up here please die on
the boat that guys really stink
what if you had a spray fancy and you
sprayed on dog poop and of who
disappeared stop if you awesome
invention son invention it's an idea I
got a name for it
hey Perez it's just like vaporized only
add a nose you got poo right any donor
do you want to go in with me fifty-fifty
the Predacons are joke oh I'm so glad
you guys
no matter what kind of dog you have
let's face it they all have to do their
business
once prey problem solved we have so so
so so so so much hey Jimmy check this
out good for you man good for you good
for you kill this worse craving dimwit I
like you
a good idea is a good idea I would say
yes to the spoon a town of course paper
towels way battles I honestly don't know
if I would've said yes the wisp I woulda
said yes the paper towels and to the
spoon